In generic code, the question mark is called the wild card, it represents an unknown type at compile
time, the wild card can be used as a top argument, an instance filled decoration also to a local variable
declaration, to a method parameter in a return type declaration of a method.
But this is discouraged as a matter of habit and in a type argument itself.
The wild card is never used in the following circumstances to invoke a generic method as a type argument
for a generic method invocation to instantiate a generic class in a class declaration to specify a supertight
or replace a type parameter.
There are three types of wild cards which are described in this table, firstly, inbounded the unbounded
wild card allows any type A parameter that is declared with the list and go bracket's questionmark Lysenko
bracket's is not the same as list with object in ÀNGEL brackets.
So list questionmark in brackets would accept a list of any type, whereas list object in brackets only
accepts a list which contains object.
Remembering that list with interchangeable brackets does not meet.
There is a test, a list object in brackets and would not be passed to a list object in brackets parameter
in terms of the syntax and usage.
Could see the example there.
Questionmark in brackets.
It can be interpreted as any type allowed.
So that was about it.
Next, we've got upper bound and upper bound wild card restricts types used to the declared class or
one of its subclasses.
The boundary for allowable types stops at the top of the hierarchical tree with a declared class is
the top link below.
It is allowable as well as the top itself.
Using an upper bound allows the code to utilize methods on the bound types.
In terms of syntax, you can say this example.
We've got angle brackets with the angle brackets.
Questionmark extends no, that can be interpreted as no is allowed as well as any type that extends
no.
But at the top of our car law, about a low bound wildcard district types from being more specific than
the declared type, the battery is the child in the tree and only super classes and types are permitted.
The example that we've got in angle brackets questionmark super exception that could be interpreted
as exception is allowed in any talk that is a super class or super type of exception.
All right, so let's review when you could use wild cards and when you cannot, so we need to create
a new class in our genetics and collections project.
We're going to call this one wild card usage.
So this is a kind of pasted in to this code consists of, firstly a generic class named Wildcard Tests,
which has a single attribute value.
You can see on line eleven, you've got to know, Alex constructor, they're the smallest a single engine
constructor, which sets the attribute for them.
Moving on down, we've got a static generic method called Do Something that prints the method argument.
Right.
We've gone to the next class.
We've got the wild card usage class, the public class.
It could say that this class is demonstrating.
Using wild cards is firstly a field declaration, also a static field declaration.
Got an instance method parameter to a static method parameter and return type.
It also a local variable.
Declaration in the main method down here on line 55.
Let's run this.
So the output from this courage shown below and demonstrates that all of these wild card usages that
I've shown you were valid, now going to talk about the implications of the wild card declarations in
the next example.
What are we going to do is add another class to the source code in this fall and at the bottom of the
class there below the declaration.
Or what I can see here, what I've done is used a wild card in the top argument of the generic class,
in the extents clause of another class, no wild card expected.
So this is a compiler error.
You can't use a wild card to specify supertight.
Let's try another example.
I'm going to overwrite that code by the code.
We've got the same error, the unexpected wildcard, so this is obviously a co-pilot error as well.
You can't use a wildcard in a top argument of a generic class.
So this is very similar to the appropriate way to use an upper bound declaration.
The code is very similar.
It's going to post it briefly together.
So you could say it's very similar, but it's a delete this you can see this is now valid.
So let's play some code into our main method down here below the last line select method.
In this case, demonstrating, invoking a static method with no type argument specified.
That's because the top argument is effectively employed and that is, first of all, here on line 65,
which relates to the do something method.
If to find the missing methanol on 21.
The second example is demonstrating and breaking a static method with a type argument specified, and
again, this time we can see that it's the same static method that we are invoking.
This time we're being specific with the top argument.
So in the third invocation of that same static method, do something.
I'm attempting to use a wildcard.
You can see that that statements failed to compile.
And the reason for that is I use a wildcard in a top argument for a method invocation.
Obviously, we're getting the unexpected wildcard error.
So let's remove that last statement.
I anticipated some more Capullo, this fellow Khidir.
The kind of person that firstly demonstrates instead I take a generic class with no type argument on
the right hand side of the assignment, the first one, the second example line demonstrates instantiating
a generic class with a wild card declaration, but specifying the type argument on the right hand side
of the assignment.
As a third example, line 70 Tempesta is a wild card in the institution of a generic class and not in
the declaration.
You can say we've got an error there.
That code fails to compile wild top questionmark in English because they cannot be instantiated directly.
So basically you can't use a wildcard as a top argument when instantiating a generic class that's remove
this last line.
So finally, before in the video, I want to add a method to the class wildcard tests.
To top it, what cuts were added to the bottom of the screen?
They could say that fails to compile the expected wild card like a generic class, you cannot use a
wild card in a type argument or a generic method to undo that change in the video here in the next one,
I will start talking about how to use wildcard type arguments.
See you in the next video.